Added possibility to load ports and steps in a different workflow (#274)
alpha-unito/streamflow: docs/source/ext/database.rst

        ...

    @abstractmethod
    async def load_workflow(self, context: StreamFlowContext, persistent_id: int):
        ...

Implementations
---------------

====================================================================    =============================================================
Name                                                                    Class
====================================================================    =============================================================
:ref:`DefaultDatabaseLoadingContext <DefaultDatabaseLoadingContext>`    streamflow.persistent.loading_context.DefaultDatabaseLoadingContext
:ref:`WorkflowLoader <WorkflowLoader>`                                  streamflow.persistent.loading_context.WorkflowLoader
====================================================================    =============================================================

DefaultDatabaseLoadingContext
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The ``DefaultDatabaseLoadingContext`` keeps track of all the objects already loaded in the current transaction, serving as a cache to efficiently load nested entities and prevent deadlocks when dealing with circular references.

> Furthermore, it is in charge of assign the ``persistent_id`` when an entity is added in the cache with the ``add_deployment``, ``add_filter``, ``add_port``, ``add_step``, ``add_target``, ``add_token``, ``add_workflow`` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, it is in charge of assign the ``persistent_id`` when an entity is added to the cache with the ``add_*`` methods.
```

WorkflowLoader
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The ``WorkflowLoader`` allows the loading of the steps and ports of a workflow in a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``WorkflowLoader`` class loads the steps and ports of an existing workflow from the database and inserts them into a new workflow object, which is passed as argument to the constructor.
```

> This feature can be helpful for the Fault Tolerance and the Resume features (see :ref:`Fault Tolerance <Fault tolerance>`).

Reviewer: Remove this sentence for now, as these features are not implemented yet

Between the workflows, it is possible to have some shared entities, particularly those used only in reading, for example ``deployment``` and ``target``. Instead, the entities with an internal state must be different instances, so ``steps``, ``ports`` and ``workflow``.
This is done by loading the entity, keeping the ``persistent_id`` in the case of a shared object, or creating a new ``persistent_id`` otherwise.

> The ``WorkflowLoader`` extends the ``DefaultDatabaseLoadingContext`` class and overrides only the methods involving the ``step``, ``port`` and ``workflow`` entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``WorkflowLoader`` class extends the ``DefaultDatabaseLoadingContext`` class and overrides the methods involving ``step``, ``port``, and ``workflow`` entities.
```

This is done by loading the entity, keeping the ``persistent_id`` in the case of a shared object, or creating a new ``persistent_id`` otherwise.
The ``WorkflowBuilder`` class extends the ``DefaultDatabaseLoadingContext`` class; it has the ``workflow``, i.e., the new ``workflow`` instance, moreover, overwrites only the methods involving the ``step``, ``port``, and ``workflow`` entities.
Particularly, the ``add_step``, ``add_port`` and ``add_workflow`` methods do not set the ``persistent_id`` as their parent methods.
The class has the ``workflow``, i.e., the new ``workflow`` instance.
The ``load_workflow`` method has two behaviors based on the calling order.
When a ``WorkflowBuilder`` instance is created, and the ``load_workflow`` method is called as the first method, it loads all the entities of the original workflow in the new one.
Instead, if it is called after the ``load_step`` or ``load_port`` methods, it returns the ``self.workflow`` without loading other entities.
This allows to copy the entire workflow or load only a subset.

> .. code-block:: python

Reviewer: This code block can be removed, as the behaviour is clear from the previous description
